FB Pixel update (#985)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/fb-pixel.mdx

`"checkinDate", "checkoutDate", "departingArrivalDate", "departingDepartureDate", "returningArrivalDate", "returningDepartureDate", "travelEnd", "travelStart"`

## Sending custom `content_type`

You can either send the custom [`content_type`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/meta-pixel/get-started/advantage-catalog-ads#content-type) by specifying it in the **Map Categories to Facebook Content Types** dashboard setting or via the `integrations` object, as shown:

```javascript
"integrations": {
  "FacebookOfflineConversions": {
    "contentType": "sending dedicated content type for this particular payload"
  }
}
```

> RudderStack sets the value of `content_type` in the following priority order:

Reviewer: Maybe we can remove this sentence, it's quite self-explanatory in the following bullets.

Author: Maybe the sentence is not adding much value, but starting bullets without any intro might look weird

> 1. The highest priority is given to the `content_type` provided in the `integrations` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. RudderStack gives the highest priority to the `content_type` provided in the `integrations` object.
```

## Sending custom `content_type`

You can either send the custom [`content_type`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/meta-pixel/get-started/advantage-catalog-ads#content-type) by specifying it in the **Map Categories to Facebook Content Types** dashboard setting or via the `integrations` object, as shown:

```javascript
"integrations": {
  "FacebookOfflineConversions": {
    "contentType": "sending dedicated content type for this particular payload"
  }
}
```

The priority order of setting the `content_type` value is as follows:

1. `content_type` provided in the `integrations` object is given the highest priority.
2. `content_type` provided in the RudderStack dashboard is given the second highest priority.
3. If none of the above is provided, the `content_type` is set to `product` by default, except in the following cases:
  - If **Product List Viewed** event is sent:
      - with `products` array, then the `content_type` is set to `product`.
      - without the `products` array, then the `content_type` is set to `product_group`.

>   - If **Product Viewed** event is mapped in the RudderStack dashboard, then the `content_type` is set to `product`.

Reviewer 2: this line is not required as we have already mentioned in line 402
